NF Gaming Ecosystem

We have developed an ecosystem with unique characteristics that compliments the Gaming and Crypto industries by producing high quality content across multiple leading platforms which are easily accessible, secured by the most advanced and elite technology, user friendly and available to half of the world’s population. NF Gaming has built its own ERC20 Token on the Ethereum blockchain which is the future of NF Gaming’s mission to take Gaming to the Next Level. Distribution of the token will be done through mining or swopping a token via our games, it will also be available for purchase or trade via crypto exchanges, which also give the holder the ability to use the token for online purchasing with our affiliated partners 
Our ecosystem consists of various levels such as but not limited to as future projects will be added:
Gaming
NF Gaming has been developing digital games since we were established. We have build our ecosystem around our ability to produce high quality games across multiple platforms which currently lead the gaming industry. We have now embarked on the journey to incorporate our crypto currency into our games allowing players to collect our Luminaire Token during gameplay. 

Luminaire Token LUMN
Luminaire Token which holds the symbol of LUMN, is an ERC20 token which has been created on the Ethereum blockchain by NF Gaming. NF Gaming’s Luminaire Token holds a critical place in the NF Gaming ecosystem and is regarded as the future of NF Gaming’s upcoming releases. Luminaire has taken over our platform’s foundation which allows NF Gaming to generate future releases built on blockchain and provide all Luminaire Token holders an advantage which benefits game players in our ecosystem and traders on exchanges.

Smart Partners
NF Gaming has affiliated itself with independent online partners that sell physical products through their portal. We have a smart agreement with these partners which will allow our Luminaire Token holders to participate in our Smart Partner program. This enables Luminaire Token holders to purchase physical products offered by our partners using LUMN tokens for payment. LUMN Token holders receive a 6.25% discount from our partners on the Total amount of their purchase when paying with LUMN tokens. Our Partners participating in our Smart Partner program can be found the NF Gaming website for easy access.

These are the key elements to the NF Gaming ecosystem that will create and increase the value of the LUMN token and allow new ventures and projects to be incorporated into our ecosystem.
